Add documentation about temporary compile outputs (#23251)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_7.adoc

For more information, see the updated <<jvm_test_suite_plugin.adoc#sec:declare_an_additional_test_suite, declare an additional test suite>> example in the JVM Test Suite Plugin section of the user guide and the link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.artifacts.dsl.DependencyAdder.html[`DependencyAdder`] page in the DSL reference.

==== Incremental compilation temporarily changes the output location

> Java and Groovy compilation changes the compiler output location. This might affect some annotation processors that allow users to wire some action to file paths (e.g. `-XepExcludedPaths` in Error Prone).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java and Groovy compilation changes the compiler output location.
This might affect some annotation processors that allow users to wire some action to file paths (e.g. `-XepExcludedPaths` in Error Prone).
```

❌ Same here, one sentence per line, please.

For more information, see the updated <<jvm_test_suite_plugin.adoc#sec:declare_an_additional_test_suite, declare an additional test suite>> example in the JVM Test Suite Plugin section of the user guide and the link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.artifacts.dsl.DependencyAdder.html[`DependencyAdder`] page in the DSL reference.

==== Incremental compilation temporarily changes the output location

> Java and Groovy compilation changes the compiler output location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Incremental Java and Groovy compilation may now change the compiler output location.
```
